Refer to new GitHub documentation (#137)
githubtraining/introduction-to-github-apps: responses/03_discovering-api-endpoints.md

### :keyboard: Activity: Discovering endpoints

> 1. Navigate to [this list](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to [this list](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/overview/endpoints-available-for-github-apps)
```
